## Link to the data

[Link to the data](https://www.reddit.com/r/dataisbeautiful/comments/le23a4/the_team_to_win_the_super_bowl_coin_toss_is_on_a/) 

## Reflection

I liked this data because it views something that is pretty common within sports for side selection or other things that can provide players with superstition and things alike. Generally speaking, in a sports we can argue that the team with a homefield advanatage has an upperhand due to various factors (fans, the field, etc.). In an event like the superbowl, the event is played at a "neutral" ground, normally not the home field of a super bowl participant (the first time a home team has played at its stadium was this past sunday for the Bucs v Chiefs). There is something supersitsious that aligns with the data which I find pretty interesting. Theres is a "home team curse" where the team who wins the coin toss and becomes the home team ends up losing the game. I agree with this outcome in the data and visually it is displayed nicely. We can see that there are uses of arcs to show the difference between the two, for example we can see that the result for coin flip winner has a 44% - 56% for win loss. I also think that the data is displayed very nicely over time, being able to display all superbowl outcomes over time. I don't the way the data is displayed here somehow revolutionizes vis or adds some new way to display data, however I feel that this data is displayed in a way that encompasses the point it is trying to get across very well in addition to making sure that it is not too flashy. One other thing that I find very interesting about the data set here is the similarities across all 4 of the given pieces of data viewed. All four of these posses a roughly 55-45 spread and the vis capturres it well to show trends over time (if there are any) but to show up until recently it was relativley back and forward. 

This data overall, was something that I was very interested to look at due to my interest in sports over time andd gives me future ideas on how to display data on something such as a W/L over time for a given statistic.